Boost.CMT - Cooperative Multitasking Library
---------------------------------------

This library builds on top of Boost.Context to provide 
an effecient coopertive multitasking API with a focus 
on ease of use and staying out of your way.

Some of the key features include:

    1) Lock-free inter-thread communication.  
    2) Waiting on boost::signal
    3) Propagation of exceptions to wait() caller.
    4) Minimial useage of heap, synchronous inter-thread calls do not allocate on heap.


Boost.CMT can be built by checking out my development repository: https://github.com/bytemaster/dev

### Installation ## 

    git clone https://github.com/bytemaster/dev
    cd dev
    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    cmake .
    make
    make install
    @endcode

### Notice ###

    This library is not part of the official Boost C++ library, but
    is written, to the best of my ability, to follow the best practices
    established by the Boost community and with the hope of being 
    considered for inclusion with a future Boost release.

### Warning ###
    This code is in early alpha phase.  I welcome feedback and help in
    defining the scope of this library.  

### Requirements ###
    
    This code has been tested on Mac OS X using gcc 4.5.0 and boost 1.47

    Boost.Context is included.


### Basic Example ###

    int hello(const std::string& world ) {
        return world.size(); 
    }

    void bench() {
        ptime start = microsec_clock::universal_time();
        int sum = 0;
        for( uint32_t i = 0; i < 1000; ++i ) 
            sum += async<int>( boost::bind(hello, "world"), "hello_func" ).wait();
        ptime end = microsec_clock::universal_time();
        slog( "%1% calls/sec", (1000.0/((stop-start).total_microseconds()/1000000.0)) );
    }

    int main( int argc, char** argv ) {
        async( bench );
        boost::cmt::exec(); 
    }

### Signal Example ###

    boost::signal<void(std::string)> test_signal;
   
    void delay()
    {
        boost::cmt::usleep(2000000);
        test_signal("hello world!");
    }

    void wait_on_signal() {
        std::string rtn = boost::cmt::wait(test_signal);
    }

    int main( int argc, char** argv ) {
         async( delay );
         async( wait_on_signal );
         boost::cmt::exec(); 
    }


### License ###

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

